Readme for Environment Used
pip packages:
	numpy - version 1.21.5
	pafy -version 0.5.5
	moviepy - version 1.0.3
	pytube - version 12.1.0
	os
	OpenCV 
	tensorfow - version 2.10.0
	ScikitLearn
	tensorflow keras 2.10.0
	
System:
	CPU - AMD ryzen 5 5600h
	RAM - CORSAIR 16 gh dual channel 3200MHz
	GPU - Nvidia 1650

Models Used:
	1. First approach is by using a combination of ConvLSTM cells. A ConvLSTM cell
 	is a variant of an LSTM network that contains convolutions operations in the 	network. 
	it is an LSTM with convolution embedded in the architecture, which 	
	makes it capable of identifying spatial features of the data while keeping into 	
	account the temporal relation.
	For video classification, this approach effectively captures the spatial relation 	
	in the individual frames and the temporal relation across the different frames. 	
	As a result of this convolution structure, the ConvLSTM is capable of taking in 	
	3-dimensional input (width, height, num_of_channels) whereas a simple LSTM 	
	only takes in 1-dimensional input hence an LSTM is incompatible for modeling 	
	Spatio-temporal data on its own.
	Reference - https://arxiv.org/abs/1506.04214v1

	2. The second approach is by using LRCN a combination of Convolution and  	
	LSTM layers in a single model. the Long-term Recurrent Convolutional Network 	(LRCN), 
	which combines CNN and LSTM layers in a single model. 
	he Convolutional layers are used for spatial feature extraction from the frames, 	
	and the extracted spatial features are fed to LSTM layer(s) at each time-steps 	
	for temporal sequence modeling. This way the network learns spatiotemporal 	
	features directly in an end-to-end training, resulting in a robust model.
	We will also use TimeDistributed wrapper layer, which allows applying the 	
	same layer to every frame of the video independently. So it makes a layer 	
	(around which it is wrapped) capable of taking input of shape (no_of_frames, 	
	width, height, num_of_channels).
	Reference - https://arxiv.org/abs/1411.4389?source=post_page
